# Meeting Minutes for 2023-02-14

## Agenda
* Update sub-teams on progress of components
* Create data object model
  * Discuss shared interface between client and server
  * Created data for 'note' and 'user' classes

## Notes
* All agenda items complete
* Diagram created documenting current planned API for client/server connections
* Document created to document decisions/notes about the interface
* Discuss how backend/frontend are going to make use of the shared data

## Actions
* Continue work in subteams (pair programming where possible) for respective components


In attendance:
* Tony Tascioglu
* Mrugank Upadhyay
* Mihran Mashhud
* Joshua Johnson
* Eddy Guo

Missing:
* None

Signed-off-by: Tony Tascioglu <ttasciog@uwaterloo.ca>
