# Meeting Minutes for 2023-03-12

## Agenda
* Sprint 2 retrospective
* Sprint 3 kickoff
* Task selection

## Notes
* Group updates:
* User auth server-side done with bcrypt
* Look into rich text fx


## Decisions
* Task selection for features to be worked on for sprint 3
    * Note sharing
    * Data sync
    * File tree
    * Webview
    * Inline images
    * Files in tabs (instead of window)
    * Autosave
    * Spellcheck
* Investigate feasability for future tasks
    * Data sync
    * Shortcuts
        * cut/copy/paste
        * stylized text
        * open/save/new tab
    * Inline images
    * File rename
        * File tree
        * Backend
    * Settings dialog
    * File tree
    * Integrate save buttons
    * Local/server conflicts
* RTC - no longer on the list
    * Too large, risky
    * Work on multiple smaller features instead.

## Actions
* Mirhan: look at images
* Josh: tree view ui
* Mrugank: client side note share
* Tony: server side note share


In attendance:
* Tony Tascioglu
* Mrugank Upadhyay
* Mihran Mashhud
* Joshua Johnson
* Eddy Guo

Signed-off-by: Tony Tascioglu <tony@tonytascioglu.com>


