# Meeting Minutes for 2023-04-04

## Agenda
* Sprint 4 updates, blockers, and next steps

## Notes
* Some difficulties with syntax highlighting
* Tackle JUnit tests, having some difficulty working with Spring
* Demo for custom hotkey configuration

## Decisions
* Joshua to take merge conflicts task
* If JUnit doesn't work on backend in one more day, switch to doing testing on client - using endpoints as black box for backend
* Gave suggestions for improvement on hotkey configs UI

## Actions
* Continue tasks based on decisions above

In attendance:
* Tony Tascioglu
* Mrugank Upadhyay
* Joshua Johnson
* Mihran Mashhud
* Eddy Guo

Signed-off-by: Joshua Johnson <j68johns@uwaterloo.ca>
