# Meeting Minutes for 2023-03-20

## Agenda
* Overview (current task progress)
* Architectural decisions
    * User settings
    * File tree

## Notes
* Team updates
* Task progress

## Decisions
* File tree & representation architecture to deal with local and remote files
* What to store in server side settings?

## Actions
* Work on tasks with new representation

## In attendance:
* Tony Tascioglu
* Mrugank Upadhyay
* Joshua Johnson
* Eddy Guo

Signed-off-by: Tony Tascioglu <tony@tonytascioglu.com>


