# Meeting Minutes for 2023-01-25

## Agenda
* Finalize requirements and specifications
* Finalize user persona
* Create initial Gradle project
* Create GitLab issues based on requirements
* Create GitLab labels as defined in class

## Notes
* Gradle project initialized and pushed to git

## Decisions
* Created high/med/low priority labels
* Decided on splitting core and extension requirements

## Actions
* Continue creating issues for requirements
* Have all members get the IDE and project setup


In attendance:
* Tony Tascioglu
* Mrugank Upadhyay
* Mihran Mashhud
* Joshua Johnson
* Eddy Guo

Missing:
* None

Signed-off-by: Tony Tascioglu <tony@tonytascioglu.com>

