# Meeting Minutes for 2023-03-06

## Agenda
* Updates on tasks
* Discuss next steps

## Notes
* New/Open/Save task was implemented and merged. More work was required for full integration
* Discovered a bug causing build to fail every other time... very weird

## Decisions
* Allocated UI for authentication to this sprint

## Actions
* Researh and decide if we want to tackle real time collaboration
* Continue working on sprint 2 tasks


In attendance:
* Tony Tascioglu
* Mrugank Upadhyay
* Joshua Johnson
* Mihran Mashhud

Absent:
* Eddy Guo

Signed-off-by: Joshua Johnson <j68johns@uwaterloo.ca>

